README.md, before:

Easy WP Thumbs - by LCweb
==============

Easy WP Thumbs is a PHP script created with the purpose to make **WordPress thumbnails** creation process as easy and smooth as possible.
Inspired by TimThumb, is based on WP systems for the maximum compatibility. 

Requires at least WP 3.5 and PHP 5.2

Supports WP 3.5 WP_Image_Editor class, using **Imagick** where available.<br/>
Supports also **WEBP** and **AVIF** (_whenever WP will be ready_) thumbnails creation.

<br/>


## How to use

1 - include easy_wp_thumbs.php in the main plugin/theme file
<br/><br/> 

2 - on common servers you are ready to go, move to step 3.<br/>While on hostings preventing direct files access you must check script status and, eventually, insert FTP/SSH credentials

    <?php
    // (optional) setup WP multilang functions to target your multilang domain 
    ewpt_status_panel::$multilang_key = 'your_multilanguage_key'; 
    
    // print status panel. $wrap_with_form_tag = false if you are putting it in an existing form 
    echo ewpt_status_panel::get($wrap_with_form_tag = false); 
    ?>
<br/>


3 - Create thumbnails (check [documentation](http://www.lcweb.it/easy-wp-thumbs-php-script)  to know more about parameters)

    // inline PHP function returning static image URL
    <php
    easy_wp_thumb($img_src, $width, $height, $quality, $alignment, $resize, $canvas_col, $fx, $get_url_if_not_cached);
    ?>
    
    // alternative way, using parameters array. You may use all of them or only few
    <?php 
    $params = array(
        'w' => (int|bool),
        'h' => (int|bool),
        'q' => (int),
        'a' => (string),
        'rs' => (int),
        'cc' => (string),
        'fx' =>(array),
        'get_url_if_not_cached'=>  (string|bool)
    );
    easy_wp_thumb($img_src, $params);
    ?>
    
    // Timthumb-like async thumb creation (useful to not weight tons of processes on a single page)
    <img src="<?php echo 'SCRIPT-URL/easy_wp_thumbs.php?src= &w= &h= &q= &a= &rs= &cc= &fx=' ?>" />
    
    


<br/>

## Documentation

To know more about parameters check [this page](http://www.lcweb.it/easy-wp-thumbs-php-script) 




* * *

Copyright &copy; Luca Montanari - LCweb

Commit message:

v3.5.0
- extending support to PDF files (requires Imagick)

README.md, after:

Easy WP Thumbs - by LCweb
==============

Easy WP Thumbs is a PHP script created with the purpose to make **WordPress thumbnails** creation process as easy and smooth as possible.
Inspired by TimThumb, is based on WP systems for the maximum compatibility. 

Requires at least WP 3.5 and PHP 5.2

Supports WP 3.5 WP_Image_Editor class, using **Imagick** where available.<br/>
Supports also **WEBP** and **AVIF** (_whenever WP will be ready_) thumbnails creation.<br/>
Creates thumbnails also from PDF files! (_requires Imagick_)

<br/>


## How to use

1 - include easy_wp_thumbs.php in the main plugin/theme file
<br/><br/> 

2 - on common servers you are ready to go, move to step 3.<br/>While on hostings preventing direct files access you must check script status and, eventually, insert FTP/SSH credentials

    <?php
    // (optional) setup WP multilang functions to target your multilang domain 
    ewpt_status_panel::$multilang_key = 'your_multilanguage_key'; 
    
    // print status panel. $wrap_with_form_tag = false if you are putting it in an existing form 
    echo ewpt_status_panel::get($wrap_with_form_tag = false); 
    ?>
<br/>


3 - Create thumbnails (check [documentation](http://www.lcweb.it/easy-wp-thumbs-php-script)  to know more about parameters)

    // inline PHP function returning static image URL
    <php
    easy_wp_thumb($img_src, $width, $height, $quality, $alignment, $resize, $canvas_col, $fx, $get_url_if_not_cached);
    ?>
    
    // alternative way, using parameters array. You may use all of them or only few
    <?php 
    $params = array(
        'w' => (int|bool),
        'h' => (int|bool),
        'q' => (int),
        'a' => (string),
        'rs' => (int),
        'cc' => (string),
        'fx' =>(array),
        'get_url_if_not_cached'=>  (string|bool)
    );
    easy_wp_thumb($img_src, $params);
    ?>
    
    // Timthumb-like async thumb creation (useful to not weight tons of processes on a single page)
    <img src="<?php echo 'SCRIPT-URL/easy_wp_thumbs.php?src= &w= &h= &q= &a= &rs= &cc= &fx=' ?>" />
    
    


<br/>

## Documentation

To know more about parameters check [this page](http://www.lcweb.it/easy-wp-thumbs-php-script) 




* * *

Copyright &copy; Luca Montanari - LCweb
